leetcode/README.md, before:

# LeetCode Solutions Repository

A collection of LeetCode coding problem solutions implemented in **Java**.

---

## Repository Structure

Each folder contains Java solution files for problems categorized by difficulty.

---

## Easy Problems

| Problem                                                                                           | Difficulty | Tags                    | Solution File                                                           |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Balanced Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/) | Easy | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Tree, Recursion | [`BalancedBinaryTree.java`](easy/BalancedBinaryTree.java) |
| [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/) | Easy       | Array, Greedy           | [`BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock.java`](easy/BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock.java) |
| [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)                           | Easy       | Array, HashSet, Sorting | [`ContainsDuplicate.java`](easy/ContainsDuplicate.java)                 |
| [Diameter of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/) | Easy | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Tree | [`DiameterOfBinaryTree.java`](easy/DiameterOfBinaryTree.java) |
| [Implement Queue using Stacks](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/)       | Easy       | Stack, Queue, Design    | [`ImplementQueueUsingStacks.java`](easy/ImplementQueueUsingStacks.java) |
| [Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/) | Easy | Tree, DFS, BFS, Recursion | [`InvertBinaryTree.java`](easy/InvertBinaryTree.java) |
| [Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/)                             | Easy       | Linked List, Two Pointers, HashSet | [`LinkedListCycle.java`](easy/LinkedListCycle.java)                     |
| [Longest Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindrome/) | Easy | Hash Table, Greedy, String | [`LongestPalindrome.java`](easy/LongestPalindrome.java) |
| [Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)                               | Easy       | Array                   | [`MajorityElement.java`](easy/MajorityElement.java)                     |
| [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/) | Easy | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Tree | [`MaximumDepthOfBinaryTree.java`](easy/MaximumDepthOfBinaryTree.java) |
| [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)                   | Easy       | Linked List              | [`MergeTwoSortedLists.java`](easy/MergeTwoSortedLists.java)            |
| [Middle of the Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/) | Easy | Linked List, Two Pointers | [`MiddleOfLinkedList.java`](easy/MiddleOfLinkedList.java) |
| [Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)                         | Easy       | Linked List, Recursion     | [`ReverseLinkedList.java`](easy/ReverseLinkedList.java)                 |
| [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)                                                 | Easy       | Array, HashMap          | [`TwoSum.java`](easy/TwoSum.java)                                       |
| [Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)                           | Easy       | HashMap, Sorting, Array     | [`ValidAnagram.java`](easy/ValidAnagram.java)                     |
| [Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)                               | Easy       | String, Two Pointers        | [`ValidPalindrome.java`](easy/ValidPalindrome.java)                     |
| [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)                             | Easy       | Stack, String           | [`ValidParentheses.java`](easy/ValidParentheses.java)                   |

---

## Medium Problems

| Problem                                                                                           | Difficulty | Tags                         | Solution File                                                           |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/) | Medium | Tree, Breadth-First Search, Binary Tree | [`BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal.java`](medium/BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal.java) |
| [Binary Tree Right Side View](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-right-side-view/) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Breadth-First Search, Binary Tree | [`BinaryTreeRightSideView.java`](medium/BinaryTreeRightSideView.java) |
| [Combination Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum/)                                 | Medium     | Array, Backtracking          | [`CombinationSum.java`](medium/CombinationSum.java)                     |
| [Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)             | Medium     | Array, Two Pointers          | [`ContainerWithMostWater.java`](medium/ContainerWithMostWater.java)     |
| [Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation](https://leetcode.com/problems/evaluate-reverse-polish-notation/)| Medium    | Stack, Array                | [`EvaluateReversePolishNotation.java`](medium/EvaluateReversePolishNotation.java) |
| [Find All Anagrams in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-anagrams-in-a-string/) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Sliding Window | [`FindAnagramsInString.java`](medium/FindAnagramsInString.java) |
| [Insert Interval](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-interval/)                                 | Medium     | Array                        | [`InsertInterval.java`](medium/InsertInterval.java)                     |
| [Longest Palindromic Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/) | Medium | String, Dynamic Programming, Expand Around Center | [`LongestPalindromicSubstring.java`](medium/LongestPalindromicSubstring.java) |
| [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Sliding Window | [`LongestSubstringWithoutRepeating.java`](medium/LongestSubstringWithoutRepeating.java) |
| [Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Tree | [`LowestCommonAncestorBinaryTree.java`](medium/LowestCommonAncestorBinaryTree.java) |
| [LRU Cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/)                                             | Medium     | HashMap, Design, Doubly Linked List | [`LRUCache.java`](medium/LRUCache.java)                                 |
| [Merge Intervals](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/)                                 | Medium     | Array, Sorting               | [`MergeIntervals.java`](medium/MergeIntervals.java)                     |
| [Min Stack](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack/)                                             | Medium     | Stack, Design                | [`MinStack.java`](medium/MinStack.java)                                 |
| [Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/)       | Medium     | Array, Prefix Sum            | [`ProductOfArrayExceptSelf.java`](medium/ProductOfArrayExceptSelf.java) |
| [Sort Colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/)                                         | Medium     | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting | [`SortColors.java`](medium/SortColors.java)                             |
| [String to Integer (atoi)](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/) | Medium | String, Simulation | [`StringToIntegerAtoi.java`](medium/StringToIntegerAtoi.java) |
| [3Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)                                                       | Medium     | Array, Two Pointers          | [`ThreeSum.java`](medium/ThreeSum.java)                                 |

---

## Hard Problems

| Problem                                                                                           | Difficulty | Tags                                          | Solution File                                                           |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Basic Calculator](https://leetcode.com/problems/basic-calculator/)                               | Hard       | Stack, Recursion, Math, String                | [`BasicCalculator.java`](hard/BasicCalculator.java)                     |
| [Largest Rectangle in Histogram](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-rectangle-in-histogram/)   | Hard       | Stack, Array, Monotonic Stack                 | [`LargestRectangleHistogram.java`](hard/LargestRectangleHistogram.java) |
| [Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/) | Hard | Hash Table, String, Sliding Window, Two Pointers | [`MinimumWindowSubstring.java`](hard/MinimumWindowSubstring.java) |
| [Trapping Rain Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/)                         | Hard       | Array, Two Pointers, DP, Stack                | [`TrappingRainWater.java`](hard/TrappingRainWater.java)                 |

---

## How to Run

Each Java file contains a `main()` method for quick testing.  
To run a solution, compile and run the corresponding file. For example:

```bash
javac MajorityElement.java
java MajorityElement

Commit message:

105. Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and inorder traversal

leetcode/README.md, after:

# LeetCode Solutions Repository

A collection of LeetCode coding problem solutions implemented in **Java**.

---

## Repository Structure

Each folder contains Java solution files for problems categorized by difficulty.

---

## Easy Problems

| Problem                                                                                           | Difficulty | Tags                    | Solution File                                                           |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Balanced Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/) | Easy | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Tree, Recursion | [`BalancedBinaryTree.java`](easy/BalancedBinaryTree.java) |
| [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/) | Easy       | Array, Greedy           | [`BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock.java`](easy/BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock.java) |
| [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)                           | Easy       | Array, HashSet, Sorting | [`ContainsDuplicate.java`](easy/ContainsDuplicate.java)                 |
| [Diameter of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/) | Easy | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Tree | [`DiameterOfBinaryTree.java`](easy/DiameterOfBinaryTree.java) |
| [Implement Queue using Stacks](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/)       | Easy       | Stack, Queue, Design    | [`ImplementQueueUsingStacks.java`](easy/ImplementQueueUsingStacks.java) |
| [Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/) | Easy | Tree, DFS, BFS, Recursion | [`InvertBinaryTree.java`](easy/InvertBinaryTree.java) |
| [Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/)                             | Easy       | Linked List, Two Pointers, HashSet | [`LinkedListCycle.java`](easy/LinkedListCycle.java)                     |
| [Longest Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindrome/) | Easy | Hash Table, Greedy, String | [`LongestPalindrome.java`](easy/LongestPalindrome.java) |
| [Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/)                               | Easy       | Array                   | [`MajorityElement.java`](easy/MajorityElement.java)                     |
| [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/) | Easy | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Tree | [`MaximumDepthOfBinaryTree.java`](easy/MaximumDepthOfBinaryTree.java) |
| [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)                   | Easy       | Linked List              | [`MergeTwoSortedLists.java`](easy/MergeTwoSortedLists.java)            |
| [Middle of the Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/) | Easy | Linked List, Two Pointers | [`MiddleOfLinkedList.java`](easy/MiddleOfLinkedList.java) |
| [Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)                         | Easy       | Linked List, Recursion     | [`ReverseLinkedList.java`](easy/ReverseLinkedList.java)                 |
| [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)                                                 | Easy       | Array, HashMap          | [`TwoSum.java`](easy/TwoSum.java)                                       |
| [Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)                           | Easy       | HashMap, Sorting, Array     | [`ValidAnagram.java`](easy/ValidAnagram.java)                     |
| [Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)                               | Easy       | String, Two Pointers        | [`ValidPalindrome.java`](easy/ValidPalindrome.java)                     |
| [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)                             | Easy       | Stack, String           | [`ValidParentheses.java`](easy/ValidParentheses.java)                   |

---

## Medium Problems

| Problem                                                                                           | Difficulty | Tags                         | Solution File                                                           |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/) | Medium | Tree, Breadth-First Search, Binary Tree | [`BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal.java`](medium/BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal.java) |
| [Binary Tree Right Side View](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-right-side-view/) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Breadth-First Search, Binary Tree | [`BinaryTreeRightSideView.java`](medium/BinaryTreeRightSideView.java) |
| [Combination Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum/)                                 | Medium     | Array, Backtracking          | [`CombinationSum.java`](medium/CombinationSum.java)                     |
| [Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/) | Medium | Tree, Array, Hash Table, Divide and Conquer, Binary Tree | [`ConstructBinaryTreePreIn.java`](medium/ConstructBinaryTreePreIn.java) |
| [Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)             | Medium     | Array, Two Pointers          | [`ContainerWithMostWater.java`](medium/ContainerWithMostWater.java)     |
| [Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation](https://leetcode.com/problems/evaluate-reverse-polish-notation/)| Medium    | Stack, Array                | [`EvaluateReversePolishNotation.java`](medium/EvaluateReversePolishNotation.java) |
| [Find All Anagrams in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-anagrams-in-a-string/) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Sliding Window | [`FindAnagramsInString.java`](medium/FindAnagramsInString.java) |
| [Insert Interval](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-interval/)                                 | Medium     | Array                        | [`InsertInterval.java`](medium/InsertInterval.java)                     |
| [Longest Palindromic Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/) | Medium | String, Dynamic Programming, Expand Around Center | [`LongestPalindromicSubstring.java`](medium/LongestPalindromicSubstring.java) |
| [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | Medium | Hash Table, String, Sliding Window | [`LongestSubstringWithoutRepeating.java`](medium/LongestSubstringWithoutRepeating.java) |
| [Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/) | Medium | Tree, Depth-First Search, Binary Tree | [`LowestCommonAncestorBinaryTree.java`](medium/LowestCommonAncestorBinaryTree.java) |
| [LRU Cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/)                                             | Medium     | HashMap, Design, Doubly Linked List | [`LRUCache.java`](medium/LRUCache.java)                                 |
| [Merge Intervals](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/)                                 | Medium     | Array, Sorting               | [`MergeIntervals.java`](medium/MergeIntervals.java)                     |
| [Min Stack](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack/)                                             | Medium     | Stack, Design                | [`MinStack.java`](medium/MinStack.java)                                 |
| [Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/)       | Medium     | Array, Prefix Sum            | [`ProductOfArrayExceptSelf.java`](medium/ProductOfArrayExceptSelf.java) |
| [Sort Colors](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/)                                         | Medium     | Array, Two Pointers, Sorting | [`SortColors.java`](medium/SortColors.java)                             |
| [String to Integer (atoi)](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/) | Medium | String, Simulation | [`StringToIntegerAtoi.java`](medium/StringToIntegerAtoi.java) |
| [3Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)                                                       | Medium     | Array, Two Pointers          | [`ThreeSum.java`](medium/ThreeSum.java)                                 |

---

## Hard Problems

| Problem                                                                                           | Difficulty | Tags                                          | Solution File                                                           |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Basic Calculator](https://leetcode.com/problems/basic-calculator/)                               | Hard       | Stack, Recursion, Math, String                | [`BasicCalculator.java`](hard/BasicCalculator.java)                     |
| [Largest Rectangle in Histogram](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-rectangle-in-histogram/)   | Hard       | Stack, Array, Monotonic Stack                 | [`LargestRectangleHistogram.java`](hard/LargestRectangleHistogram.java) |
| [Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/) | Hard | Hash Table, String, Sliding Window, Two Pointers | [`MinimumWindowSubstring.java`](hard/MinimumWindowSubstring.java) |
| [Trapping Rain Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/)                         | Hard       | Array, Two Pointers, DP, Stack                | [`TrappingRainWater.java`](hard/TrappingRainWater.java)                 |

---

## How to Run

Each Java file contains a `main()` method for quick testing.  
To run a solution, compile and run the corresponding file. For example:

```bash
javac MajorityElement.java
java MajorityElement
